Add note about `event_timestamp` to events dataset doc (#597)
mozilla/data-docs: src/datasets/batch_view/events/reference.md

The events dataset contains one row for each event submitted in an event ping for that day.

The `timestamp`, `category`, `method`, `object`, `value`, and `extra` fields of the event
are mapped to columns named `event_timestamp`, `event_category`, `event_method`, `event_object`,
`event_string_value`, and `event_map_values`.
To access the `event_map_values`, you can use the `mozfun.map.get_key` UDF,
like `SELECT mozfun.map.get_key(event_map_values, "branch") AS branch FROM telemetry.events`.

> Please note that `event_timestamp` refers to the time in milliseconds when the event was recorded *relative to the main process start time*, while the `timestamp` column refers to the time the ping was ingested. `event_timestamp` is useful for determining relative order of events within a single session but cannot reliably be used to determine an absolute time that an event occurred due to client clock skew and other factors.

Reviewer: I think this is too nihilistic; we can tell from watching Remote Settings push events that most clocks are pretty good!

```suggestion
Please note that `event_timestamp` refers to the time in milliseconds when the event was recorded *relative to the main process start time* (`session_start_time`), while the `timestamp` column refers to the time the ping was ingested. `event_timestamp` is useful for determining relative order of events within a single session. Adding `event_timestamp` to `session_start_time` will allow you to approximate the absolute time an event occurred, subject to client clock skew and other factors.
```
